joe gardner
a middle school music teacher from new
york city dreams of a career in jazz
even though his mother lived of objects
to it fearing for his financial security
one day joel learns of an opening in the
band of jazz legend dorothea williams
and auditions for it
impressed with joe's piano playing
dorothea offers him a chance to perform
later that night
as joe happily heads off to prepare for
the show
he falls down a manhole joe finds
himself as a soul heading into the great
beyond
unwilling to die before his big break he
tries to escape but ends up in the great
before
where soul counselors all named jerry
prepare unborn souls for life
each soul has a badge that once filled
out with traits
grants passage to earth mistaken for an
instructor
joe is assigned to train 22 a cynical
soul who has remained in the great
before for millennia
and sees no point in living on earth she
needs to find her spark to complete her
badge
and agrees to give it to joe so that he
can return home
joe tries to assist 22 in finding a
passion but the attempts prove futile
with no other options they head for the
zone an area people enter when their
passion sets them into a euphoric trance
it also houses the lost souls who become
obsessed and broken
moonwind the captain of a psychedelic
galleon bearing a troop of mystics
without borders 3
helps rescue the lost souls the mystics
agree to help joe
who has been in a coma since his fall
joe excitedly hops back to earth
but accidentally brings 22 along
resulting in 22 entering his body
and joe ending up in a therapy cat
initially frightened
22 settles into joe's body and finds
great enjoyment in the little things in
life
she holds deep and poignant
conversations with connie
a student who planned to quit the school
band but who changes her mind after
losing herself in a passionate
impromptu trombone solo meanwhile terry
an accountant designated to counting
souls headed to the great beyond
goes to earth to look for the missing
joe joe in 22 find moon wind
at his day job as a sign twirler to help
restore joe to his body
but 22 experiences an epiphany and
decides she must find her purpose on
earth
she flees with joe tailing behind but
terry catches up and brings both backs
to the great before
22 realizes that her badge has been
filled out
yet joe insists that it was the result
of his experiences and tastes
22 angrily tosses the badge at him and
disappears into the zone
joel later learns that instead of a
life's purpose a spark simply means that
a soul is ready to live
joe heads back to earth and has a
successful performance with the dorothea
quartet
the experience however is not as
fulfilling as joe expected
worse he might have to repeat the same
routine night after night
realizing his senseless and selfish ways
with 22
he decides to return the batch inspired
by the object she collected while in his
body
joe plays the piano to enter the zone
and look for 22
who has become a lost soul using a small
maple seed 22 had kept
joe convinces her that she is ready to
live returning her to normal
with her badge back 22 finally enters
earth with joe accompanying her for as
long as he can
as he prepares to head into the great
beyond joe is stopped by a jerry
who thanks him for inspiring them and
offers him another chance at life
joe accepts and returns to his body on
earth now ready to live and appreciate
every moment of his life
you